Will the New Ban Go Up in Smoke?       
A new smoking ban―China’s toughest to date―took effect in Beijing on June 1. The new ban prohibits smoking in all of the city’s indoor public places， workplaces， and on public transportation. Additionally， the regulation bans smoking at outdoor public locations such as schoolyards.
    Owing to its past popularity and iconic status， smoking has influenced Chinese people’s daily lives in a number of different， often subtle， ways. Will the new regulation cause the habit to fade from public life？
    Statistics from the National Health and Family Planning Commission in 2014 showed that as the world’s largest tobacco producer and consumer， China has more than 300 million smokers. Over 740 million non-smokers are exposed to second-hand smoke annually. More than 1.36 million people die of smoke-related diseases every year， about 100，000 of which are non-smokers who have fallen victim to second-hand smoke. If no effective measures are taken， it is projected that over 3 million people will die of smoke-related diseases every year by 2050.
    Effectively enforcing a ban on smoking in public places has long been a hot issue for authorities. China started to implement smoking bans of various kinds as long ago as 1979. Since then， the country has been imposing smoking bans in more and more public places and detailing more and more regulations on prohibiting smoking at specific locations. Today， nearly 50 percent of Chinese cities have banned smoking in public places. These measures， however， have failed to have the desired effect.
    Beijing had previously introduced two smoking bans in late 1995 and May 2008. However， these bans were never enforced in earnest. Many smokers persisted in smoking in public places， even those sporting "No Smoking" signs.
    A certain kind of subculture has arisen from this individual habit， one of the reasons it is so difficult to ban. Smoking and drinking are an indelible part of Chinese social activities， owing to the value of the habits as social lubricants and their ability to create an instant bond between those who partake of them. Moreover， tobacco has become an essential cash crop in many localities in China， the prime reason that local governments are reluctant to prohibit smoking outright.
    The new regulation seems to have worked more effectively this time， owing to strong enforcement and widespread media coverage. Within the 15 days after it took effect， inspectors fined three organizations in Beijing a total of 6，000 yuan ($968) for not adequately implementing smoking control measures.
    Tough regulations， strong enforcement and the participation of the public are all essential to building a smoking-free environment. If Beijing’s new regulation works this time around， then the pace of progress in reducing smoking throughout the whole of China will undoubtedly quicken.
    



…………A Burning Lssue       本文总字数:3885    Beijing expects to curb a long-unsolved problem through the toughest-ever smoking ban 
    By Yin Pumin 
    The city of Beijing showed its determination to make public places no-smoking zones by adopting a new tobacco control regulation on June 1.
    According to the regulation， smoking is prohibited in all indoor public places， workplaces and public transport vehicles， as well as in open-air places such as kindergartens， primary and middle schools， child welfare institutions， women’s and children’s hospitals， fitness and sports venues， and cultural relic protection sites that are open to the public.
    Meanwhile， venders are forbidden to sell cigarettes within 100 meters of kindergartens， primary and middle schools， and children’s activity centers. Such institutions are required to help students quit smoking and educate them about the harm of smoking.
    In addition， all types of tobacco business promotion events are prohibited and tobacco advertisements are not allowed to appear outdoors， in public places and on public transport， as well as in media including radio， TV， films， newspapers， books， and the Internet.
    Public organizations that fail to impose the ban will be fined up to 10，000 yuan ($1，631) and individual violators face a 200-yuan ($32.63) penalty， according to the regulation.
    The WHO recognized Beijing’s efforts on May 31， this year’s World No Tobacco Day.
    According to the WHO， Beijing’s regulation is compliant with the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC)， and when fully implemented， will have a major impact on the health of Beijing’s residents.
    Beijing is home to about 4.2 million smokers， accounting for 23.4 percent of people aged 15 and above. They smoke an average of 14.6 cigarettes per day， according to a survey conducted by the Beijing Center for Disease Prevention and Control in 2014.
    The Beijing Government is training several thousand inspectors who will be responsible for inspecting venues and issuing fines， and thousands of community volunteers will also be mobilized to support enforcement， according to the WHO China Country Office.
    “The Beijing regulation is among the toughest of its kind in China. The move reaffirms the country’s anti-smoking determination，” said Yang Gonghuan， Deputy Director of the Chinese Association on Tobacco Control.
    In November last year， China’s first state-level anti-smoking legislation was published for public consultation. The draft regulation intends to ban indoor smoking， limit outdoor smoking and end tobacco advertising.
    A tough task
    Although facing the China’s toughest-ever smoking ban， many smokers and organizations in the capital still nonetheless failed to comply with the regulation in the first week of its implementation.
    Restaurants were the biggest culprits， with the highest rate of violations. Around 60 percent of the inspected eateries had not enforced the smoking ban on their premises in early June.
    A restaurant manager surnamed Lin in Beijing’s Chaoyang District told Beijing Review that he preferred leaving smokers alone when eating lunch or dinner in his restaurant in the first few days after the new smoking ban because he didn’t know how to stop them.
    But following a fine and explanations from the inspectors， Lin’s staff members are determined to forbid its guests smoking. "Now our waiters and waitresses are ready to stop those smokers at any time，" Lin said.
    Zhang Jianshu， President of the Beijing Association on Tobacco Control， said it would be more difficult to enforce the regulation in some areas where smoking is prevalent， such as nightclubs.
    "The key lies with business owners. They have the responsibility to ensure no smoking takes place within their establishments，" Zhang said.
    Meanwhile， 15 hospitals in Beijing， including Tiantan Hospital， Xuanwu Hospital and other major medical institutions， have also received warnings.
    



…………Duty-Free Time Is Now       本文总字数:8973    After 11 years of trying， China and South Korea sign their free trade agreement 
    By Bai Shi  
    The signing of the China-South Korea free trade agreement (FTA) marks the beginning of an auspicious future--if everything goes as planned， the annual trade volume will double that of 2014 within the next five years.
    It is the latest in a series of moves illustrating the economic relationship between China and South Korea， which grows closer by the day. China remains South Korea’s largest trading partner， import country， export market and overseas investment destination. South Korea is China’s third largest trading partner.
    According to data released by China’s Ministry of Commerce， China’s trade with South Korea reached $235.4 billion in 2014， a huge jump in growth from $5 billion two decades ago when they first established diplomatic ties in 1992.
    Chinese consumers continue to buy goods from South Korea in droves， including automobiles， cellphones， household appliances and--of course--the country’s famous cosmetics.
    FTA highlights
    The FTA deal with South Korea marks the largest bilateral trade agreement for China in terms of trade volume.
    Zhuang Rui， Deputy Dean of the Institute of International Economy under the Beijing-based University of International Business and Economics， told Shanghai Securities News that the FTA deal covers the broadest range of trade in goods， services and investment， and aims at creating a beneficial environment for companies on both sides.
    The most significant part of the trade agreement may be tariff elimination across the board. China will grant duty-free treatment to 91 percent of consumer and industrial products imported from South Korea， while the latter will eliminate its import duties on 92 percent of products from China over the next 20 years.
    As for trade in services and investment， China， for the first time， promised to conduct negotiations by using the negative-list approach and adopting pre-establishment national treatment after the signed agreement takes effect.
    The FTA covers 17 fields of trade and economic cooperation--conventional FTA clauses like goods and services trade， as well as 21st-century topics like intellectual property， e-commerce and the environment， Zhuang said. E-commerce and related cooperation were not included in China’s previous FTA negotiations. The concepts will be tested on pilot cities， then extended.
    Currently， free trade zones (FTZs) in Weihai City of east China’s Shandong Province and Incheon of South Korea were chosen as pilot zones for cooperation.
    “[The broad range covered by the FTA deal] reflects that the two countries commit to comprehensive market opening to each other，” Zhuang said. 
     The good and the tough
    According to The Korea Herald， the country’s governing Saenuri Party supports the deal by acknowledging that the free trade agreement offers Korea a “second domestic market” that will improve the nation’s long-term economic prospects.
    The Hankyoreh cited South Korea’s government’s assessment of the economic benefit of the FTA， which says South Korean real GDP will increase by an additional 0.96 percent， consumer welfare will improve by $14.6 billion， and 53，805 new jobs will be created within 10 years of the agreement taking effect.
    In the eyes of many Chinese， such broad range of products and services which are granted zero tariff status in the FTA deal will challenge the Chinese economy.
    Under the current trade structure， most Chinese goods exported to the South Korean market are low value-added products like raw materials and agricultural products. On contrary， goods from South Korea are mainly industrial and technological products with high added value.
    But Zhuang claimed the deal will not compromise Chinese companies， stating， “China and South Korea usually exchange similar products belonging to the same industry.”
    By eliminating tariffs， the deal will reduce costs for both Chinese and South Korean producers and sellers， benefiting the two sides involved， Zhuang said.
    However， Mei Xinyu， a researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation (CAITEC) under the Ministry of Commerce， said that short-term changes are to be expected.
    “In short run， the FTA deal might harm the interests of some of China’s manufacturers that compete with South Korea， such as those making machinery， automobiles and electronics，” Mei said. “However， in the long run， the FTA is good for the growth of Chinese manufacturing.”
    Mei explained that benefits will include Chinese-South Korean economic integration， better division of labor and--to China’s benefit--the possible move of high-end industries from South Korea to the Chinese mainland.
    Some analysts predict that the completed FTA deal will contribute 1 or 2 percent to China’s GDP growth.
    Zhao Jianglin， an international economics researcher at the National Institute of International Strategy under the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences， was confident that companies of both countries will be able to adapt themselves swiftly to the new system and competition in spite of a short-term clash of interests. Zhao said a transitional period was put in place in the hope of reducing the possible negative impact on producers and traders.
    The opening of the South Korean market presents more opportunities for China’s companies. For instance， Chinese delivery companies will be allowed to expand their business at an unprecedented scale in South Korea， including offering international air and maritime postal services， as well as non-exclusive local delivery services. Chinese construction companies will be allowed to contract projects， which will boost market shares and secure more profits. Chinese textiles and agricultural products will be able to acquire more market shares in South Korea as tariffs will drop drastically， and vice versa.
    Unexpectedly， South Korean cosmetics， which have been popular with Chinese consumers， are not included in the catalogues of zero tariffs in the FTA.
    Mei explained that cosmetics are neither daily necessities nor important raw materials， so it is unnecessary to give them duty-free treatment. Moreover， cosmetics made in South Korea have already enjoyed preferential tariffs--in China， the import duty on South Korean cosmetics is only 10 percent， or one 15th of the general tariff rate. The reason is that the two countries’ cosmetics trade is automatically granted most-favored nation treatment with the other as they are both WTO members.
    “Some consumers are wondering why Korean cosmetics are still expensive. The key factor is not the tariff but cost of distribution and pricing policy of individual brand，” Mei said.
    For Chinese consumers， the major benefits of the FTA deal include a price drop in consumer electronics and travel within South Korea， Mei said.
    However， consumers expecting immediate and significantly lowered prices may need to remain patient. Zhu Zhenxin， macroeconomics researcher at the Research Institute of Minsheng Securities， said the process of granting zero tariff status will proceed in a step-by-step manner.
    Other challenges like the rising renminbi exchange rate， the rebalance of global trade and increasing domestic labor costs should not be ignored， Zhu said. To ensure steady growth of exports， China needs to upgrade its industries and adjust its economic structure， Zhu said. 
    For greater integration
    Seventeen days after China-South Korea FTA was reached on June 1， China signed a FTA with Australia. These agreements will not only lift the level of China’s opening up by expanding current FTA establishments but also promote economic development in the East Asia region， Liang said.
    Mei believed that the FTA deal is a major step for China to cement its strategy of economic integration with neighboring economies.
    In the future， China and South Korea will establish a large common market covering a population of 1.35 billion and producing GDP worth $11 trillion.
    With this large common market， the China-South Korea FTA will further help improve the international division of labor and upgrade manufacturing industries in East Asia region--and hopefully serve as a jumping-off point for future economic progress in the region and beyond. As Vladimir Petrovsky， a member of Russia’s Academy of Military Sciences， said in an article to Russia Beyond the Headlines， “the South Korean-Chinese FTA will most likely have an indirect yet positive impact on the Russian economy.” He also urged Russia to “join the talks on the creation of free trade areas and integration projects now， while the rules of the game are being elaborated， in order to guarantee its economic interests as best as possible.”
    “The signing of the deal will be helpful to advance the slow-paced negations of FTA by China， Japan and South Korea， ”said Zhuang， “as well as initiate talks on free trade areas in the Asia-Pacific.” 
    Copyedited by Kylee McIntyre 
    



…………Mounting the summit       本文总字数:8141    Women’s empowerment and peacekeeping missions get African Union leaders’ attention 
    By Francisco Little 
    A head of state escaping arrest， Hollywood glamor， and rambling presidential soliloquies. Not the setting of a movie， but the points for which the 25th African Union （AU） Summit， held in South Africa’s Johannesburg from June 7 to 15， is likely to be remembered.
    While leaders gathered to discuss pressing issues of peace and security， gender equality， and socioeconomic development， much of the media focus was on the presence of Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir--which created a political and legal backlash for the host country. Bashir， who is wanted by the International Criminal Court （ICC） for war crimes， crimes against humanity， and genocide committed from 2003 in Darfur， Sudan， was given immunity by the South African Government at the summit as a head of state on official business.
    However， Anton du Plessis， Managing Director of the Johannesburg-based Institute for Security Studies， said the immunity argument does not hold up， “The United Nations Security Council decision in this case bars immunity to Bashir under international law and in relation to his position as head of state. Plus， South Africa’s own ICC implementation law removes immunity for individuals wanted by the ICC.”
    The South African Government， as a signatory to the Rome Statute of the ICC--which says four core crimes， genocide， crimes against humanity， war crimes and the crime of aggression， shall not be subject to any statute of limitations--was legally obliged to arrest Bashir. Yet despite the South African Litigation Center， a Johannesburg-based rights advocacy group， asking the high court to order Bashir’s arrest and prevent him from exiting the country， he left on a midnight flight before the summit’s conclusion. This disregard for procedure has severely dented South Africa’s proud international and domestic reputation regarding the rule of law.
    Weighing in on the issue， AU Commission Chair Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma defended the decision to invite Bashir. “Sudan is a member of the AU and has always attended AU summits，” she said at the closing ceremony， adding the summit was an AU venue， not a South African one. AU Chair Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe said African countries should withdraw from the ICC because it “unfairly targets African leaders.”
    Thirty-four African countries are states parties to the Rome Statute.
    Women’s theme
    Women were at the forefront of the summit’s agenda. As the first woman to chair the AU Commission， Dlamini-Zuma raised women’s empowerment as the focus of the summit， adopting the theme Women’s Empowerment for the Realization of Agenda 2063. Agenda 2063 is the long-term development blueprint the AU committed itself to at its 50th anniversary.
    Part of that commitment is to fully involve and engage women and youth. One of the women invited to speak at the summit was award-winning actor and Special Envoy of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees， Angelina Jolie. In the cavernous ballroom filled with African leaders she made an impassioned plea for implementing policies on sexual crimes for increased global support to end violence against women worldwide.
    “We absolutely have to treat sexual assault with the gravity it deserves，” said Jolie. “Violence against women is still treated as a lesser crime. Armed groups turn it into a weapon of choice because of near total impunity.”
    Addressing the men in the audience， Jolie said she was asking them as leaders to live up to their promises and beyond， “You， as men， can play a bigger role by arresting and prosecuting perpetrators， allocate funds for survivors of sexual violence and really help root out violence and discrimination in all forms.”
    A call was also made for both the public and private sector to invest in women. UN Women Executive Director Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka told media without this investment there could be no sustainable development in Africa. Mlambo-Ngcuka was especially concerned about early child marriage， noting that 15 of the 20 countries where this practice is unchecked are in Africa.
    She said early marriage is a human rights violation and has devastating consequences. A girl married before 18 will probably not enjoy her right to education or health. “These are consequences that reverberate throughout a lifetime，” said Mlambo-Ngcuka， emphasizing the need to have laws that prohibit child marriage， but more importantly， for these laws to be enforced.
    Speaking for the most vulnerable of women， particularly those from war-torn nations， Dlamini-Zuma said unfortunately， women and children are the main victims of conflicts though they play no part in starting them. She said AU Peace and Security Council members， peacekeepers and mediators have pledged to “silence the guns” in conflict-ridden areas， such as Sudan’s Darfur， Libya and South Sudan， within five years.
    With a touch of sarcasm she prodded the male heads of state， saying “Agenda 2063 is about the people， [and] we cannot leave out half of the population. May I also remind all of us that women and youth form the majority of the voters？”
    Africa’s only female head of state， Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf， appealed for women to have access to land， without which they lack finances.
    The outcomes
    Away from the intricacies of Bashir’s presence and the Jolie distraction， it was business as usual.
    Funding and operations have long been a challenge for the AU. According to AU Administration and Human Resources Director Idriss Adoum， the organization employs around 1，500 full-time staff， with offices in 35 member countries and in Washington， New York， Geneva and Brussels. The AU’s budget is around $430 million for 2015， of which $109 million is earmarked for salaries and other operational expenses. The balance goes toward peacekeeping and other programs. Ironically， the AU’s member states fund the total operational budget， but less than 5 percent of the program’s budget， which is paid for by the European Commission， World Bank and developed countries.
    An agreement was reached to scale up financial contributions from member states. This will allow the AU to fund 100 percent of its operations， 75 percent of its programs and 25 percent of its peace and security activities.
    Observers say peacekeeping funds are well spent as one of the AU’s major success areas is its peace and security operations， where African troops are at the frontline of conflicts in Sudan， Burundi and Somalia. A decade ago， Western troops would have been involved.
    It is the peace and security efforts that will ultimately allow Africans to move about freely on their own continent and not as refugees， as is the case now. This free flow of people and trade will bring about integration， something clearly inculcated in the timeline of the First 10-Year Implementation Plan Toward Agenda 2063.
    In his closing address and report after a hectic two days of meetings， Mugabe said this plan would include a Continental Free Trade Area， a high-speed rail network， an African Center for Disease Control and Prevention， and a pan-African university. In addition， it was agreed to fast-track establish an African standby force for rapid deployment in conflict areas.
    Peace concerns in Mali and Burundi were also high on the list of priorities. Mugabe said the signing and implementation of the Mali peace accord between rebels and the government will undermine terror groups in the region， while Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza has been urged to step down after a constitutionally mandated two terms.
    Mugabe urged the New Partnership for Africa’s Development--an AU strategic framework for pan-African socioeconomic development--heads of state meeting on the sidelines of the summit to fast-track Africa’s quest for industrialization and value addition of its vast mineral resources.
    “Surely the African people cannot continue to be hewers of wood and drawers of water while others delight in their resources [and] in our resources，” he said.
    （Reporting from Johannesburg， South Africa）
    Copyedited by Sudeshna Sarkar
    



…………Fair Perspective       本文总字数:8145    The Kunming expo aims to bring together not just businesses but people 
    By Sudeshna Sarkar 
    “Come and taste the sweetness of India，” beckoned the Indian trader， holding out a platter on which nestled small， white flattened balls. They were sandesh， a traditional Indian sweet made of thickened milk and synonymous with celebrations. The adventurous in the crowd around him broke off little pieces， popping them gingerly into their mouths and then breaking out in delighted smiles.
    In another part of the Kunming Dianchi International Convention and Exhibition Center， two strapping Ghanaians beat their drums with gusto， creating an irresistible foot-tapping rhythm. Their companion， a nubile young woman balancing a carved pot on her head， swayed her hips to the beat， making the passersby halt and watch in rapt attention.
    And close to the earthy scene but oblivious to it， a devout Vietnamese was lighting sandalwood joss sticks and laying them with veneration at the feet of an exquisitely carved wooden Buddha， who watched the activities around him with a serene smile.
    These were some of the many images that coalesced in a riot of colors and sounds to form the Third China-South Asia Expo 2015 and 23rd Kunming Import and Export Fair hosted by Kunming， capital of Yunnan Province in southwest China， from June 12 to 16.
    Started in 1993， the fair has become more than an annual trade event. It is the forerunner of the vision Chinese President Xi Jinping announced in 2013: creating the Silk Road Economic Belt based on the ancient trade route that ran from Xi’an City in the east to the Mediterranean in the west， and the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road. The object of the initiatives is to increase exchanges and cooperation between Asia， Europe and Africa for common development and peace.
    Yunnan is already doing that. “Yunnan was an important part of the ancient Silk Road， lying at the junction of three economies， China， Southeast Asia and South Asia，” said Chen Hao， Governor of the province. “Using its geographical location and resources it can be an international corridor connecting China and the international community.” The expo is that corridor.
    In 2014， China’s trade with South Asia was worth $106.1 billion; Chinese investment in the region amounted to $8 billion. Vice President Li Yuanchao said the target is to raise the trade to $150 billion and investment to $30 billion in the next five years and further open up markets for mutual benefit.
    The expo is helping in that too. This year， about 300 deals worth $55 billion were clinched， the lion’s share of them domestic. The opening day saw a record $25.19 billion turnover， 19.8 percent increase year on year， according to Xinhua News Agency. The international deals involve companies from the United States， Japan， France， Italy， Thailand， Myanmar and Laos.
    Testing the China market
    It was Tophan Patnaik’s first visit to China. The former insurance agent from India’s Orissa Province， known for its beaches and temples， had decided to chuck his job and become an entrepreneur one year ago.
    With his savings and a loan from his father， Patnaik started Pace Ventures， a husband-wife enterprise selling handicrafts and hand-spun scarves and wraps. “I am not focusing on sales，” he said. “I just want to showcase our products， test the market， and see which items buyers fancy.”
    “This year， most of the Indian exhibitors are from the small and medium enterprises （SMEs） following Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s program to promote SMEs，” said S.C. Ralhan， President of the Federation of Indian Export Organizations. “China is a huge market for India and exports include a diverse range of products， from engineering goods to carpets and handicrafts.”
    Ralhan said Modi’s visit to China in May and the slew of bilateral agreements signed during the three days have given a boost to Indian participation in the expo. “We had a very good show last year with almost 100 companies taking part，” he said. “This year， with India being the theme country， there’s greater participation. Most of the Indian provinces are taking part in the expo.”
    India’s Minister of State for External Affairs V. K. Singh had a message， “Invest in India. Make in India.” The Indian Government， he said， has embarked on a path to facilitate businesses. Besides， this year is Visit India Year in China. In 2016， it will be Visit China Year in India.
    Visitors also eyed Chinese investors. Sabera Ahmed， Vice Chairperson-Bangladesh of Women Entrepreneurs’ Council at the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation Chamber， was hoping Chinese companies would set up base in Bangladesh. “Chinese companies are seeking to relocate their manufacturing bases outside China where labor and other expenses are cheaper，” Ahmed said. “We are asking them to come to Bangladesh. We have a young and trained workforce. We can make superior products designed in China. In the past， the designs were made in the United States or Europe and manufactured in Bangladesh. Now， let’s have Designed in China， Made in Bangladesh.”
    Business without borders
    It was Hoang The Son’s first Kunming expo. The Vietnamese represented Ha Suvimex， a clam-exporting company established in the 1980s that changed hands from government to private ownership in 2009.
    “Our main market was Europe，” Hoang said. “But with the economic downturn in Europe and the depreciating dollar， we are shifting to Asia. The focus is China since it is a huge market and has the same high interest in sea food as Viet Nam.”
    Though called the China-South Asia Expo， the five-day fair， like the Silk Road， goes beyond borders. This time it was attended by over 20，000 businessmen and 3，000 enterprises from nearly 70 countries and regions.
    There was a strong contingent from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations （ASEAN）， especially Thailand， which was the guest of honor.
    “We have come to do a market survey and get distributors and wholesalers，” said Pimpimol Swat-Xuto from the Foundation for Thai Entrepreneurship Development. About 192 Thai entrepreneurs were present at the expo. “We love to come to Kunming because it is the center of south China and the fair is open to all entrepreneurs，” the consultant said. “Though we would love to get buyers from other countries if possible， China alone is big enough for us.”
    There were traders beyond ASEAN--from New Zealand and Australia， Europe and Africa.
    Zacchaeus Tusubira， a 28-year-old Ugandan， is no stranger to China or the fair. He buys electronic items and garments from Shenzhen， selling them back home in Kampala and coming back with semi-precious stones and African drums. Sometimes he doesn’t recover his cost but he regards it as necessary investment to promote his products.
    Borders have been becoming even more blurred at the expo. Chinese businessman Li Yuhang is selling Sri Lanka’s famed Dilmah brand of flavored teas and marketing Spa Ceylon through his Kunming Rabbit Trading Co.; businesswoman Lin Wenqin’s Airichel Co. is selling seeds of the African “magic tree，” the Moringa oleifera， which forms the base of African traditional medicine and is said to be able to cure over 300 diseases; Ghanaian Enock Azu is hawking chocolates from Kazakhstan. Ghana and Kazakhstan? The 24-year-old shrugged. “This is business，” he said.
    But business， however thriving， is not the be all and end all; building rapport is. Chinese Vice President Li emphasized it was important for countries to work closely. “We need to foster amity and strengthen political trust，” he said， adding “A close neighbor is better than a distant relative.”
    Haji M. Amin Tarakhil， Commissioner General of Afghanistan of Exhibition and Economic Growth under the Ministry of Commerce and Industries， echoed Li.
    “We take part also in the fairs in Chengdu， Urumqi， Beijing and Shanghai，” said Tarakhil， who led a delegation of about 40 Afghan companies. “We will take part in the Kunming expo every year. China is a neighbor and a friend. It is important for us to be good friends with our neighbors.”
    （Reporting from Kunming， Yunnan Province）
    Comments to liuyunyun@bjreview.com



…………Solution to Smog       本文总字数:6343    Despite recent air quality improvement， Beijing sees redoubled efforts to combat pollution 
    By Yuan Yuan 
    For four days in a row， beginning on June 11， Beijing saw a glittering blue sky with jade-white clouds floating above， a rare treat for a city usually covered in gray smog.
    “Today is like a holiday， and almost everybody has walked out to watch the sky，” said Hao Li， a 30-year-old Beijing citizen， on June 12. “Many of my friends said they would do nothing but stare at the sky today. I don’t remember how long it’s been since I’ve seen the sky like this.”
    People jokingly call this symptom “blue sky syndrome，” in which people get very excited at seeing the blue sky. People took pictures of the sky and shared them online.
    On June 13， underneath another dazzling blue day， the Beijing Cooperation Association on Haze Prevention and Control was set up in the capital. It is China’s first association aiming to working out a solution to haze.
    “If Beijing’s sky can be like today all the time， there is no need to set up such an association at all， but unfortunately， pollution might still persist for a long time，” said Du Xiangwan， former Vice President of the Chinese Academy of Engineering （CAE）， at the association’s conference.
    The cause of “blue sky syndrome” is that blue sky has become a luxury in Beijing， according to Hou Chunyun， former Deputy Director of the Development Research Center of the State Council. “So people get excited at seeing this. In the past two days， when we looked up， we saw lovely blue sky， and when we looked down， we saw pictures of blue sky that friends took and shared in social media. It is actually a sad reflection，” said Hou.
    The truth is that Beijing’s haze has become a defining aspect for the city worldwide.
    “No matter where we go， as long as people know we are from Beijing， the first thing they bring up is the haze. They would express their sympathy to us. Haze has already become a defining characteristic for Beijing，” said He Keng， former Deputy Director of the Jiu San Society， one of China’s eight non-Communist political parties.
    Further， it’s not just Beijing--another city Tianjin， as well as the whole Hebei Province are all victims of the heavy smog.
    Origin of haze 
    Although many experts have given data claiming to know the cause of China’s pollution， there is still no fixed answer for the question.
    “One of the main tasks for the association is to find the real cause of the haze，” said He. “Some say it is the result of coal burning， and others blame it on vehicle emission and chemical plants. But in the 1950s and 1960s， Beijing burnt more coal， and there were more heavy chemical plants in the city， but the pollution was not this bad.”
    He is personally of the opinion that vehicle emissions are the main cause of the pollution， but he reminds people that the blame game is an unproductive one.
    “We need to figure out an accurate answer，” He said. “We can’t take suppositions for granted.”
    Hao Jiming， newly elected Director of the Beijing Cooperation Association on Haze Prevention and Control and a member of the CAE， reported at the conference about a project the Chinese Academy of Engineering completed on preventing and controlling PM 2.5 airborne particles in China. According to the report， the cause of haze is a combination of many factors: industrial discharge， vehicle emission， residential coal burning， and pollutants emitted from farmland--mainly ammonia--but the proportion of each factor varies in different time and different regions.
    Hou， on the other hand， expressed his concern on the balance of economic development and environmental protection at the conference.
    “If the main cause of the pollution is focusing only on economic development and ignoring the environmental protection， we may face another problem--would the heavy emphasis on the environmental protection slow down our economic development？” said Hou.
    Chen Wenling， chief economist from the China Center for International Economic Exchanges， expressed her idea on this issue. “In the past 33 years， China’s GDP has increased at an average speed of 9.6 percent. This increase is at the price of overexploration of natural energy and ecological resources. Now we are at the phase of adjusting the economic structure，” said Chen.
    “The fight against haze is a very complicated battle with many factors involved，” said Hou. “The foundation of the association is the start of building up a whole system to deal with this crucial problem.”
    Green economy 
    For some smart companies， balancing economic benefits and clean energy is not a conflict.
    China Inner Mu Biomass Power Co.， a private company based in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region， for example， has explored a new economic path that integrates desert control with biomass thermoelectricity and blue-green algae production in China.
    The company seeks sandy land with aquifers to plant desert willow， a type of shrub that can easily survive and grow in a desert due to its well-developed root system. The plant is widely known as “green coal” for power plants because， when burned， it not only releases more thermo capacity but also has much cleaner emissions than traditional coal.
    “One magic thing about desert willow is that it has to be cut down every three to five years in order to survive， or it will die in its sixth or seventh year，” said Chen Yuchuan， General Manager of the company. “Once the sand is stabilized， grass and other kinds of bushes will naturally grow out. So within years， the sand will be capped with green plants.”
    This new burning way has brought carbon emissions down by 250，000 tons annually. The International Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Association （IEEPA）， a non-governmental organization dedicated to energy conservation and sustainable development in China， has been a big player in pushing forward the company’s low-carbon drive while teaming up with the UN Industrial Development Organization.
    “The model is unique and viable in desert control. More importantly， it can improve the well-being of local people and spur the local economy，” said Jiang Minglin， an official with the State Council， when visiting the Mu Us Desert and the company， a field trip initiated by IEEPA. 
    Copyedited by Kylee McIntyre
    Comments to yuanyuan@bjreview.com
    
    



…………Medicine Price Reforms       本文总字数:9088    New drug-pricing policy puts patients first 
    By Yin Pumin 
    China began to lift price ceilings on most pharmaceuticals on June 1， with the goal of creating a more market-driven pricing system that will help keep medical costs in check.
    According to the National Development and Reform Commission （NDRC）， China’s top economic planner and the body that introduced the new regulations in early May， all drugs aside from anesthetics and grade-one psychiatric medications will no longer be subject to government-set prices.
    According to public data， the now-scrapped policy for drug pricing was established in 2000. Within the policy， the government primarily determined drug prices. With the new regulations， a total of 166 price rules have been suspended.
    “The reform will turn the government into a defender of orderly medicine market competition and help keep prices reasonable，” said Chang Feng， Director of the Research Institute for Drug Prices with Nanjing-based China Pharmaceutical University.
    Meanwhile， the NDRC also ordered local authorities to conduct a six-month price inspection campaign into all pharmaceutical companies， medical institutions and disease control centers to ensure that drug pricing is not abused.
    In each province or city， drug makers or third-party sales agencies have to receive accreditation to become official suppliers for hospitals， where more than three quarters of drugs are sold in the country.
    Relating to prices
    With the new policy being put into practice， many worry that the prices of some common drugs will spiral out of control.
    However， pharmaceutical analysts have insisted that they believe the possibility of sudden rise in drug prices is zero.
    “This is the first step in the relaxation of drug price regulation. The change is unlikely to have a significant impact on China’s pharmaceutical market，” said Zhu Hengpeng， a researcher with the Institute of Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
    He said that most of the drugs involved are covered by medical insurance schemes which are usually sold through hospitals， the prices of which are currently set by local government procurement departments.
    In fact， the NDRC has assured the public in its statement that the comprehensive supervision system adopted by the government can prevent an abnormal surge in drug prices. It said the dynamic adjustment of payment standards for the drugs now covered by medical insurance will play a strong role in guiding the prices of drugs in the market and help keep the drug prices within a reasonable limit.
    Zhou Yonggang is the director of the Pharmacy Department of the Nanjing-based Bayi Hospital of the People’s Liberation Army. He said the abolition of price ceilings for drugs does not mean the government will give up all of its roles.
    “The government is intending to strengthen its supervising role in the price-decision process for drugs， which will help prevent sharp rises in drug prices，” said Zhou， who added that the tendering process will also help limit the drug prices.
    According to him， a drug cannot enter local procurement catalogs without going through the tendering process. “With the tendering price being decided at last， drug prices remain unchanged for a long time，” Zhou said.
    Chang agreed. He said the tendering process， along with medical insurance and governmental supervision， can guarantee price stability for drugs after the government eases restrictions.
    “The ease of the restrictions on drug prices is beneficial to both pharmaceutical enterprises and consumers. It will help improve sales conditions of lower-price drugs because it provides suitable market conditions for the drugs to slightly increase their prices，” he said.
    Under the former policy， the price ceiling on those drugs has put their production in a defective condition and caused the supply to fall short of public demand.
    “Under current situation， the prices of drugs with enough market competition have little opportunity to rise dramatically， while those drugs without much competition are restricted by the price negotiation mechanism，” Chang said.
    In recent years， with the rapid development of China’s medicine market， competition has become more vigorous between different pharmaceutical enterprises. Letting the market play a decisive role in the drug-pricing process has become a general trend.
    Public data show that there are more than 8，000 kinds of drugs that are in circulation in China’s consumer market， of which more than 2，000 kinds are commonly used. Meanwhile， there are more than 4，000 pharmaceutical producers and 10，000 pharmaceutical wholesalers， and some generic drugs are produced by more than 100 pharmaceutical enterprises.
    Medicine sales in China hit 1.1 trillion yuan （$180 billion） in 2013， a 35.7-percent rise compared with 2011， according to data from Wind Info， a Shanghai-based leading integrated service provider of financial data， information and software.
    During the same period， medicine sales from hospitals stood at 842.7 billion yuan （$135.9 billion）， a 38.2-percent increase.
    The country’s spending on medicines dispensed from hospitals is expected to hit $185 billion by 2018， according to IMS Health， an international market research firm.
    According to the new regulations on drug prices， a medical insurance payment system will be established to regulate the prices of more than 2，000 kinds of drugs that are included in medical insurance schemes. A transparent and multi-participation negotiation mechanism will be formed to regulate more than 200 kinds of patent medicines， and a mechanism combining tendering procurement and price negotiation will be established to regulate the prices of those drugs excluded by medical insurance， such as blood samples and contraception.
    The new policy clarifies the role of the governmental supervision in four aspects including perfecting drug procurement mechanisms， strengthening the price-control function of medical insurance， strengthening the supervision on medical services and strengthening the supervision on price behavior.
    Meanwhile， the new regulations require enhancing the supervision on the processes of production， circulation and consumption of drugs to guarantee their quality and safety.
    “The price reform provides a good top-down design to a scientific pricing system for the drugs， but whether the reform can be successful relies on the implementation of the regulations，” Chang said.
    Medical reform
    On May 17， the State Council， China’s cabinet， issued a guideline pledging the government will push forward reform in more public hospitals amid a broader overhaul of its health care system.
    China launched a pilot medical reform on public hospitals in 17 cities in 2010， and the guideline stipulates the reform should cover all of the country’s 6，800 public hospitals by 2017.
    The reform is aimed at changing public hospitals’ reliance on medicine sales to supplement their income. Public hospitals should establish a reasonable drug-pricing system and retune recruitment and salary policies， according to the guideline.
    Health insurance should cover most of the medical expenditure， while the patient-paid portion of bills should be lower than 30 percent by 2017.
    A wider plan is to establish a modern hospital management system， eliminate drug price-added profits and standardize referral procedures.
    As a part of the overall health care reform， can drug price reform help solve the problem of “supplementing hospitals’ income by selling medicines” and ease the unreasonable medical burden on patients？
    Shi Luwen， a professor with the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences of Peking University， believes that the ease of the restrictions on drug prices can solve the problem of “only choosing drugs with low prices” brought about by the cutthroat bidding on one hand， and push low-quality medicines out of the market by improving the procurement mechanism and reforming the medical insurance payment on the other hand.
    One important target of the drug price reform is encouraging pharmaceutical enterprises to innovate and strengthen their research capability， while guaranteeing the interests of patients.
    Cai Jiangnan， a professor with the Shanghai-based China Europe International Business School， said that one important aspect of the reform is to gradually make medical insurance play a bigger role in drug pricing.
    “Currently， the excessively low prices of medical services force many hospitals to supplement their income through selling medicine. In the long term， following the drug price reform， the prices of medical services will be readjusted， which will help perfect the drug-pricing system and keep hospitals in check，” Cai said.
    Shi said that the systemic designs should be tailored to all parts of the industry including the drug production， circulation and usage. “To completely solve the problem， a comprehensive mechanism including public hospital reform and medical insurance reform is needed，” he said. 
    Copyedited by Kieran Pringle
    Comments to yinpumin@bjreview.com 
    



…………Global Currency In Sight       本文总字数:9237    China is promoting greater use of the yuan in global trade， investment and as a reserve currency 
    By Zhou Xiaoyan 
    China’s currency， the yuan， ascended to a higher global status in 2014， with the value of cross-border payments by the currency accounting for 23.6 percent of total cross-border payments， according to a report on the globalization of the yuan released by the People’s Bank of China， the country’s central bank， on June 11.
    Data from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication shows that the yuan became the second most used currency in trade finance―letters of credit and collections， the fifth most popular payment currency and the sixth most used foreign exchange currency in the world in December 2014.
    In an effort to make the yuan an international currency in a real sense， China is pressing ahead with financial reforms so that the yuan can become part of the basket of currencies determining the value of Special Drawing Right （SDR）， an international reserve asset created by the International Monetary Fund （IMF） in 1969.
    Allocated to IMF members on the basis of their contribution to the fund， SDR represents a claim to foreign currencies for which it may be exchanged in times of need. Currently， the SDR basket consists of four currencies―the U.S. dollar， euro， British pound and Japanese yen. The composition of the SDR basket is due for a once-in-five-year review this year. China has been seeking inclusion of the yuan so that the currency will be recognized as an international one.
    In a display of support， IMF president Christine Lagarde said in March that the yuan’s inclusion in the SDR basket is “not a matter of if， but when.”
    A team dispatched by the IMF visited China on May 15-16 to hold technical discussions with the country’s monetary authorities， as part of the preliminary evaluation on whether to include the currency this year.
    China will cooperate with the IMF on the assessment of the yuan’s readiness to be included in the SDR basket of currencies， said Wang Yungui， director of the policy and regulations department at the State Administration of Foreign Exchange， during a news conference on June 17.
    “We will actively push for SDR entry and assist the IMF on the evaluation，” he said. “SDR entry is a major step in yuan internationalization and of great significance in easing financial risks.”
    If the yuan is included in the SDR basket， its status as a global reserve currency will be significantly enhanced. In addition， inclusion into the SDR basket will to a great extent catalyze reforms in China’s financial markets， especially in foreign exchange administration and yuan convertibility under the capital account.
    Gaining popularity
    According to the central bank report， the Chinese currency is enjoying a greater popularity in cross-border trade and direct investment. In 2014， yuan payment under the current account totaled 6.55 trillion yuan （$1.06 trillion）， surging 41.6 percent year on year. Outbound direct investment from the Chinese mainland priced in the Chinese currency totaled 186.56 billion yuan （$30 billion）， a 117.9-percent increase， while foreign direct investment onto the Chinese mainland settled in the Chinese currency amounted to 862.02 billion yuan （$138.87 billion）， a year-on-year jump of 92.4 percent.
    Over the past year， China has also promoted the expansion of currency swap agreements and direct trading between its yuan and other currencies as well as the establishment of offshore yuan hubs.
    China had signed currency swap agreements worth a total of 3.1 trillion yuan （$499.4 billion） with 32 overseas monetary authorities as of the end of May. Offshore yuan clearing and settlement services have been offered in 15 countries and regions across the world， read the central bank report.
    In addition， remarkable progress has been made in the convertibility of the currency under the capital account. In 2014， the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect program， which allows mainland and Hong Kong investors to trade shares on each other’s bourses， was launched; overseas institutions were able to issue yuan-denominated bonds on the Chinese mainland more conveniently; and foreign exchange administration under the capital account was further simplified by central authorities.
    China is not far away from full convertibility of the yuan under the capital account， the central bank said.
    Lu Zhengwei， chief economist with Industrial Bank Co. Ltd.， attributed the rising popularity of the yuan to three factors.
    China is speedily accumulating weight and influence in the global economy; its foreign trade， outbound direct investment and inward foreign direct investment are increasing fast; and finally， the central bank is making continuous efforts in promoting the cross-border use of the yuan， as evidenced by it signing currency swap agreements with an increasing number of economies and establishing more overseas yuan clearing banks， Lu summarized.
    Zhang Monan， an associate research fellow at the China Center for International Economic Exchanges （CCIEE）， said the globalization of the Chinese currency will be further pushed forward with the establishment of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the construction of the China-proposed Silk Road Economic Belt and 21st Century Maritime Silk Road Initiative.
    According to Zhang， China has been promoting the use of the yuan in cross-border trade settlements since 2009. In the meantime， as the country transforms from a goods-exporting nation to a capital-exporting one， the Chinese currency has more room to be used in investment， compared to mostly being used in trade settlements， she said.
    “The quick pace of the yuan’s globalization is an inevitable result of China’s cooperation with other countries as well as government support in this regard，” Zhang said. “More and more countries hope to piggyback on China’s success to boost their respective domestic economies.”
    “Also， the rapid overseas expansion of Chinese businesses makes the yuan more frequently used and better accepted worldwide，” Zhang said.
    Time to join the club？
    According to the central bank report， further efforts will be made to improve infrastructure for the yuan’s global use， to expand the yuan’s use under the current account， to encourage the issuance of yuan-denominated bonds overseas， to sign currency swap agreements with more overseas monetary authorities and， most importantly， to actively advocate for the yuan’s inclusion in the SDR basket.
    A currency must be fully convertible for it to be included in the SDR basket. Therefore， China is expected to ease its tight control of the yuan to make the currency more freely usable than it is now. Central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan said that laws and regulations will be revised and the upper limit of interest rates and quota on cross-border capital flow will be lifted within the year.
    On May 26， the IMF said China’s yuan is no longer undervalued after its recent substantial appreciation， but the
    government should quicken reforms to get to having “a floating exchange rate.” This is the first time in a decade that the IMF has changed its label that the yuan is undervalued.
    “While the undervaluation of the yuan was a major factor causing the large imbalances in the past， our assessment now is that the substantial real effective appreciation over the past year has brought the exchange rate to a level that is no longer undervalued，” the IMF said.
    “We believe that China should aim to achieve an effectively floating exchange rate within two-three years，” the IMF said.
    Zhang， the research fellow with CCIEE， called this a momentous achievement for the Chinese currency.
    It signals that substantial progress has been made in the yuan exchange rate formation mechanism and makes it more likely to be included into the SDR basket， Zhang said.
    According to Lu， if a currency wants to be included into the SDR basket， it should account for a certain proportion in global trade settlement， and more importantly， it should be freely usable.
    “China has become the world’s largest goods trading nation; therefore， the first criterion will definitely be met. However， the second criterion is under dispute. China has yet to completely open up its capital account and realize the floating exchange rate.”
    Tan Yaling， President of China Forex Investment Research Institute， warned that becoming an international currency means incurring more risks as well as taking on more responsibilities.
    All the four currencies in the SDR basket can be freely converted， therefore， if the yuan hopes to join the club， full convertibility of the currency should be achieved as soon as possible.
    “Otherwise， it will have a very awkward status after being included in the SDR basket，” Tan said during an interview with Hexun.com， a financial news portal.
    That said， Tan argued the yuan is far from challenging the dominant status of the U.S. dollar.
    “It’s already a great success if the yuan can survive， develop and get stronger under the dominance of the dollar，” said Tan. “It’s way too early to discuss when the yuan can have an equal status with the dollar or even supplant it.”
    Copyedited by Kylee McIntyre
    



…………Gaining Currency       本文总字数:7479    With South Africa’s economic leadership severely challenged， the yuan can come to its aid
    By Qiu Zhikun
    South Africa was Africa’s economic giant， creating the miracle of accounting for one third of the continent’s GDP though its population was only 6 percent of the entire African population. However， exceptionally high unemployment， socio-economic inequalities， an ailing electricity generation capability and recent xenophobic attacks have challenged its position. In 2013， Nigeria became Africa’s new biggest economy， with the “Rainbow Nation” on a downward spiral.
    Nevertheless， following the first yuan settlement in Africa in 2010， the currency offers hope to South Africa. The challenge is to maximize every opportunity this initiative affords.
    By 2010， China had become the world’s second largest economy， the biggest manufacturing center and the largest creditor and the biggest market in the world， with its foreign exchange reserves bigger than any other country worldwide. The yuan is now the fifth largest trade settlement currency.
    Since 2008， China has signed currency swap agreements with over 31 countries and regions with the volumes reaching 2.9 trillion yuan （$467 billion）. In October 2014， the United Kingdom issued its first yuan sovereign bond for 3 billion yuan （$483 million） which became part of its foreign exchange reserve. This shows the yuan’s significant influence.
    South Africa was slow to react， falling behind Nigeria， Tanzania， the Seychelles， Mauritius and Kenya. In 2011， Nigeria became the first country to declare the yuan as part of its foreign exchange reserve. In 2012， Nigeria and Tanzania bought yuan bonds worth nearly $80 million issued by the China Development Bank in Hong Kong. For the first time， a central bank in Africa was involved in yuan bond investment and an African country collected the yuan as part of its foreign exchange reserve. Then Angola， Ghana， Kenya and finally South Africa followed. The tardiness could well translate in South Africa not leading the charge as a financial powerhouse.
    According to China’s Ministry of Commerce， China in 2010 became the world’s biggest creditor for Sub-Saharan Africa replacing the World Bank. The total volume of debt for the past 10 years stands at $67.2 billion. China is now the most important trade and capital partner of Africa. Buoyed by China’s large-scale production and foreign exchange reserves， the yuan is in a position to become an ideal financial tool for multilateral trade and investment in Africa.
    The yuan will not only strengthen economic cooperation between China and South Africa but also lay the foundation for an integrated beneficial relationship. Establishing an offshore yuan center is one important component of this foundation. There are numerous options for a yuan hub in Africa. The benefits will be astronomical for the chosen country with China definitely supporting it in politics and financial， infrastructural and technological advancements. South Africa could be China’s destination of choice.
    South Africa should be aware that the yuan’s globalization means more than trade and investment between China and Africa. Africa may achieve global industrial influence in the future for the currency. Till 2013， the mining projects in Africa with Chinese investment accounted for 34 percent of global mining projects and the output value accounted for 22 percent. When the African mining industry reaches its capacity， its output will have a significant impact on global production. If the payment for export of mining goods from Africa is settled in yuan， the global commodity trading pattern will undergo a metamorphosis. African countries will be able to regain the initiative stemming from their own resources and protect their core interests with the yuan.
    Testing stage
    In March 2014， the South African Reserve Bank for the first time invested 50 million yuan （$8 million） in yuan bonds， becoming the first African country to invest in the onshore yuan market. This April， China and South Africa signed a bilateral currency swap agreement worth 30 billion yuan （$4.8 billion）. Recent years have witnessed the Bank of China， the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other major financial institutions conducting yuan promotional activities in South Africa.
    In six years， the globalization of the yuan has made significant progress. According to the People’s Bank of China， China’s central bank， the yuan was the world’s seventh largest reserve currency in 2014. The central banks of more than 40 countries have invested in it. The status of the yuan as a reserve currency will enjoy further enhancement during the next decade. Its proportion of total global foreign exchange reserves is expected to reach about 10 percent in 2025.
    The establishment of the China （Shanghai） Pilot Free Trade Zone has opened up channels for the yuan in commodity trade. The Shanghai International Energy Trade Center and Shanghai International Gold Trading Center have been established in the free trade zone as the first international trading platforms of financial assets. These will be able to offer yuan transactions to global investors in the future.
    Reducing risks
    In 2009， China overtook Germany as South Africa’s largest trading partner. By 2014， the total bilateral trade volume had reached an unprecedented $60.29 billion， with China’s direct investment in South Africa reaching $4.7 billion. If settled in yuan， trade and investment between the two countries will be more convenient， efficient and cost-effective. It will not only simplify and facilitate existing business but also attract additional opportunities for cooperation. The exchange rate risk in using a third currency， such as the American dollar， in each transaction would be mitigated.
    Since the European debt crisis and the QE policy adopted by their central banks to stimulate the economy， the competitiveness of the U.S. dollar and euro as a reserve currency has been significantly reduced. Currently， many countries are intensifying their efforts to reduce the share of the dollar and euro in their foreign exchange reserves and national debt issuance. The challenge lies in the natural choice of a successor currency. The yuan provides an ideal alternative， especially for South Africa.
    In 2013， the U.S. Federal Reserve’s indications that QE could be reined in caused extensive transfers of international capital. This impacted emerging-market countries， particularly South Africa， Brazil， India， Indonesia and Turkey. Currently， it is forecast that the dollar interest rate would be facing a rate hike cycle. Should this happen， dollar outflows from South Africa will accelerate， culminating in South Africa facing the double risk of exchange rate depreciation and liquidity constraints. Therefore South Africa must take preventive measures in the short term.
    The yuan is more than a logical choice and alternative for South Africa to supplement liquidity and funding. In the wake of the Belt and Road Initiative outlined by Chinese President Xi Jinping to revive ancient trade routes between Asia， Europe and Africa and create greater connectivity and trade， China is bound to invest abroad and relocate some of its industries abroad. South Africa should seize this great opportunity and ready itself to amass yuan capital to supplement its domestic liquidity and funding gaps. 
    The author is CEO of the Bank of China， Johannesburg
    Copyedited by Sudeshna Sarker
    



…………Market Watch       本文总字数:5634    OPINION
    Credit Is an Important Asset
    Under the "new normal" of the Chinese economy， the circumstances for real estate development， major project investment and investment promotion are undergoing changes. （Note: The "new normal" of the Chinese economy means the economy has shifted gear from previous high speed growth to medium-to-high speed growth； the economic structure is constantly improved and upgraded； and the economy is increasingly driven by innovation instead of investment.）
    The focus of competition among regional economies is also shifting from "hard factors" to distinctive features and a favorable environment.
    Distinctive features can be reflected in urban construction， cultural atmosphere， industries and resources. A favorable environment denotes a combination of ecological balance， comfortable living conditions， satisfying public services， propitious industrial development， sufficient human resources and good credit.
    In the future， a region’s competitiveness， to a large extent， will come from distinguishing features and the overall environment， instead of the input of "hard factors" like preferential tax policies， intense investments and industrial parks.
    Therefore， local governments should shift their focus from stimulating the market and encouraging project investment to fostering their own features and providing a favorable environment.
    A featureless region with a bad overall environment will find it hard to win sustainable development or attract talent， enterprises and investors to settle down.
    It’s expected that the local environment will become increasingly important in the competition among regions during the 13th Five-Year Plan period （2016-20）.
    In terms of environment construction， local governments are used to valuing a tangible rather than intangible environment. For instance， they tend to pay much attention to afforestation， ecological and urban environment， infrastructure and supporting facilities.
    Many local governments have been improving their services， which belong to the intangible environment， but another important factor of the intangible environment―the credit environment―has often been ignored.
    The credit environment of a region not only has to do with the credit of individuals and enterprises but also with that of the government. In most cases， government credit is of paramount importance to the local credit environment.
    In the days when local governments never worried about project financing and investment， the credit environment seemed not so important. However， things have changed since the economy entered the "new normal."
    Local governments should deem credit as part of their assets. These days， intangible assets like the credit environment are playing a dominant role over tangible assets such as resources， land， infrastructure， industrial parks and transportation facilities in attracting investment.
    Specifically， northwest China lags behind southeast coastal regions in credit building， which is basically in line with their development level of market economy.
    According to my knowledge， a southeastern enterprise once reached a deal with a northwestern state-owned enterprise （SOE） affiliated to the local state assets authority to jointly purchase and market Xinjiang-grown quality cotton. A coastal joint-stock bank was resorted to provide financing services for the two companies and had provided loans amounting to hundreds of millions of yuan. Yet， when the SOE manager and head of the local state assets authority were arrested for corruption， the local state assets authority tried to get rid of the debt by claiming the bankruptcy of the SOE. Out of this ulterior motive， the local state assets authority even mobilized economic police to investigate the case under the pretext of signing fake contracts. The joint-stock bank hasn’t got back the money despite numerous attempts. If the hundreds of millions of yuan turns into bad loans， the bank will suffer a lot and reputation of the local government will also suffer， which will undermine the future development of the region.
    Credit is essential to a market economy. While "hard factors" competition is cooling down， the status of "soft factors" is ascending. For this reason， local governments should safeguard their credit the same way they do to their tangible assets.
    This is an edited excerpt of an article by He Jun， a research fellow from Anbang Consulting， published in Securities Times
    NUMBERS
    $45.41 bln 
    Outbound direct investment in non-financial sectors from the Chinese mainland in the first five months， up 47.4 percent year on year and covering 3，426 overseas-based companies across 146 countries and regions
    6.1%
    Growth of China’s industrial output in May， up from 5.9-percent growth in April and 5.6-percent growth in March
    100，000
    Forecasted increase in the number of tourists to northwest China’s Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region because of the expanded train routes this year
    $42.5 bln
    Value of China’s service outsourcing contracts in the first five months， up 6.3 percent year on year
    $10 bln 
    Amount of investment promised by Cisco Systems Inc.， the U.S. multinational technology company， to China on June 18 to support local innovation over the upcoming several years
    17.12 tln yuan
    China’s fixed asset investment in the first five months， a surge of 11.4 percent year on year
    1.62 mln
    Number of newly registered businesses in China in the first five months， a year-on-year jump of 22.9 percent
    $7.5 bln 
    Chinese companies’ investment in the overseas commercial and residential real estate market in the first quarter
    



…………In the Abstract       本文总字数:8444    There is more to Xu Dongdong’s compositions than first meets the eye 
    By Ji Jing 
    Xu Dongdong’s daily routine is little different from that of his cohorts. He said that he enjoys tending his garden， cooking and reading. However， whenever he is hit by a bolt of inspiration， he will start to draw and paint like a man possessed for several days， or even weeks， on end.
    It is perhaps this zeal for his chosen craft that has most contributed to the 56-year-old abstract artist’s success.
    “I pursue a kind of abstract painting that reflects the harmonious balance between man and nature， a concept rooted in ancient Chinese philosophy，” Xu said.
    Xu’s works represent a blend of Eastern and Western influences， given that he uses Chinese brushes and Western paints to draw on Chinese rice paper. Although he adopts the techniques of Western abstract painting， the sentiments he expresses and the ideas he explores are quintessentially Chinese.
    The call of nature
    The most representative of Xu’s recent works may be the Four Seasons series， four pictures that strive to capture the essence of spring， summer， autumn and winter. At first glance， one may not be able to figure out what exactly the pictures portray. However， closer examination of the works reveals mountains， rivers， grasslands， lakes， stones， forests and deserts. The four pictures explore the cycle of life and human nature.
    “Spring signifies the beginning of new life. It’s full of vitality as plants start to grow. These aspects of the season have all found their presence Spring，” Xu said.
    When painting Winter， Xu had put his half-finished painting in his yard while it was snowing. When the snow stopped several days later， Xu took back the paper and laughed out loud， as he saw a picture formed by nature itself. While composing the Four Seasons series， he used rainwater or melted snow of a particular season to dilute his paints to add to the natural feel of his drawings.
    The four seasons depicted in Xu’s paintings transcend the form of natural sceneries or landscapes， as they possess profound underlying meanings. They reflect the balance of qi―the basic element of all physical beings―between man and nature.
    Imbalance between the two， according to Xu， causes problems such as severe environmental pollution.
    For instance， in his Tai Chi series， Xu explores the crisis caused by human beings’ excessive exploitation of nature.
    “People are increasingly basing pleasure and happiness on material possessions. They are conquering and exploiting nature in order to acquire happiness. As a result， trees have been cut down， rivers have dried up and a number of animals and plants have become extinct，” said Xu， his voice carrying a measure of sadness.
    In his Lost Pleasure of the Tai Chi series， Xu painted several circles filled with striking colors. According to the artist， they mean to illustrate the loss of happiness in an era of consumerism.
    “The Chinese philosophy of seeking the right balance between man and nature may well serve to remedy the loss，” Xu said.
    Stylistic evolution
    Xu started to develop an interest in painting at an early age. He learned Chinese ink-and-wash painting by imitating the works of ancient masters. He would go to the Palace Museum and copy the paintings of ancient Chinese painters on display. The museum， located within the confines of Beijing’s famous Forbidden City， was home to 24 emperors from 1420 to 1911.
    “It is as if I were making friends with ancient painters because paintings always reflect the mind of their creators，” Xu said. “It’s not simply a matter of imitating their techniques but also assimilating their attitudes toward life.”
    Xu also took an interest in Western painters. He started by first studying the works of Giotto di Bondone， one of the progenitors of the Italian Renaissance. Later， he moved on to Renaissance painters such as Masaccio， Da Vinci and Raphael， painters of the Venetian school like Titian， impressionist painters such as Manet and Monet and cubist artists such as Picasso， all of whom have all exerted an influence upon his style.
    Xu Dongdong is also inspired by his more recent Chinese predecessors such as Xu Beihong （1895-1953） and Lin Fengmian （1900-91）， both of whom traveled abroad to learn Western painting in the 1920s before returning to China to form their own distinctive styles.
    Abstracting the issue
    Xu Dongdong’s interest in Western painting has prompted him to switch over to abstract painting in the late 1980s. He later explained that he hopes through his paintings to cultivate his Chinese audience’s liking and aptitude for abstract thinking.
    Abstract painting， the confounding “evil twin” of traditional representational painting， first took shape in the West from about 1910 onwards. It does not refer to any one specific school of painting but rather encompasses all works that portray non-concrete subject matters. Chinese painters started to embrace the art form in the late 1970s.
    These painters are divided into two groups: those who paint abstract paintings using Western oil painting techniques and those using Chinese ink-and-wash painting techniques. The former group has few successful representatives as most of them are arguably mimicking Western masters while failing to make their own idiosyncratic mark on the genre.
    Conversely， painters belonging to the latter group， such as Wu Guanzhong （1919-2010） and Zhu Ming， have made remarkable contributions to revolutionizing Chinese ink-and-wash painting through the employment of abstract thinking. Contemporary critics have placed Xu Dongdong firmly in this category.
    Xu Dongdong maintains that many Chinese cannot understand the inherent meaning in abstract paintings drawn by Westerners because the life and philosophy reflected in such works are too distant from their own.
    As opposed to some Chinese painters who have assimilated methods such as the use of colors from Western painters but failed to represent scenes of Chinese life， Xu Dongdong seeks to use abstract thinking in Chinese philosophy to reflect upon that very subject matter.
    “Ancient philosophical treatises， such as the Classic of the Way and Virtue by Lao Tzu， abound with abstract thinking. However， it’s regretful that there has been a failure to pass down and develop such thought over the course of history，” he said.
    It’s undeniable that Chinese ink-and-wash masterpieces from ancient times embody consummate skills and deep thinking， examples of such being paintings in the Song Dynasty （960-1279）. However， times have changed. According to Xu Dongdong， the modern era requires painters to come up with fresh techniques to reflect contemporary circumstances.
    Renaissance man
    Xu Dongdong is not satisfied with confining his talent to one art form. In the late 1990s， he began to practice performance art， sending his album The Inner World of Xu Dongdong to foreign museums and libraries as a gift in a bid to disseminate Chinese culture and promote cultural exchanges between China and other countries. All the expenses involved in the process were covered by Xu Dongdong himself. His new album， Mind Generating Universe， is expected to come out later this year.
    Over the past 10 years or so， Xu Dongdong has followed the lead of his Chinese predecessors by visiting cities such as London， Paris， New York and Washington， where he has been able to view in person an impressive array of the works of Western masters.
    His travels aside， over the past decade， Xu Dongdong has chosen to live a secluded life in a northeastern suburb of Beijing， during which time he has honed his understanding of Chinese philosophy through reading and applied it to his paintings. Thanks to his dedication to his craft， the prolific painter has produced a body of work that stands as testament to his skills in the abstract form， his deep understanding of Chinese philosophy and time spent reflecting upon contemporary life. Forty years into his artistic career， his artistic fervor shows no sign of abating.
    Profile
    Xu Dongdong was born in Beijing in 1959. Since the late 1980s， he has endorsed Western painting techniques of the impressionist and abstract painting schools and experimented with installation art and performance art.
    He advocates a harmonious balance between man and nature through his paintings and advocates for the philosophical concept of mind generating universe.
    Copyedited by Eric Daly  
    



…………China,a WWII Ally That Should Not Be Forgotten       本文总字数:6988    Seventy years after the end of World War II （WWII）， many people outside China remain uninformed about the country’s role in the conflict and the sacrifices its people made in resisting Japanese invaders. Redressing this imbalance in overseas academia， however， are a small number of scholars， including Rana Mitter， a British historian whose Forgotten Ally： China’s World War II， 1937-1945 made its way onto bookshelves across the globe in 2013. The book has so far been met with favorable reception. Here， Beijing Review solicits the opinions of Pan Hong， Editor in Chief of Military History magazine published by the Academy of Military Science of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army， on the book.
    Amid activities commemorating the 70th anniversary of the victory of the world’s anti-fascist war， books on World War II （WWII） history are enjoying a boost in popularity. Among them， Forgotten Ally： China’s World War II， 1937-1945 by Rana Mitter， Director of Oxford University’s China Center， depicts the history of the Chinese People’s War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression. The book has been published in five different editions worldwide， including the simplified Chinese version presented by Beijing-based New World Press.
    Despite the fact that the Chinese people’s war of resistance against Japanese aggression is a well-covered topic domestically， the same cannot be said abroad， and thus， the author has managed to carve out an academic niche internationally through his research in this area. Mitter said that he focuses on this topic because it is the last area of WWII history that Western historians have not satisfactorily explored. Though many books exist on the role of the United States or Britain or even Japan in the conflict， seldom can books on China’s part in the war be found on bookshop shelves.
    Mitter attributes Western ignorance of China’s role in WWII to the quick advent of the Cold War following the conflict， among other factors. Soon after the war’s conclusion， China turned from a wartime ally of the United States and major European powers into part of their opposing bloc in the Cold War. At the time， it was difficult for Western historians to meet their Chinese counterparts and discuss the history of the Chinese resistance within the framework of global history.
    Forgotten Ally defines China’s contribution in WWII as follows： the Kuomintang and the Communist Party of China （CPC） were the only two political groupings in East Asia that maintained a consistent opposition to imperial Japan from 1937-45； more than 4 million Kuomintang-led troops tied down a 500，000-strong Japanese army in the Chinese theater and stopped them from being transferred to other battlefields； and the CPC-led guerrilla warfare prevented Japanese troops from obtaining full control of north China and tied down their troops and resources. More than 14 million Chinese people died in the war and up to 100 million people became refugees. Had China surrendered in 1938， the probability that Japan would conquer the whole of Asia would have been much higher.
    In the book， the author demonstrates his sympathy toward the Chinese nation for the misery it encountered and the painful choices it had to make in WWII. The book casts light on how a growing China should look back to the kind of humiliation it used to endure amid present regional tensions. It constitutes a meditation on how the international community can predict the future of China by delving deep into its history and how more can be learned about the country.
    As one of a new breed of China scholar， Mitter has accrued an impressive array of materials and information by traveling to many countries， and referred numerous times to historical files in Chinese from libraries and archives in China’s mainland and Taiwan.
    The information presented in the book pertains to treaties among countries involved in the conflict， documents from different political factions existent at the time in those countries， foreign ambassadors to China， foreigners staying in China during that era， reports at both the central and local levels in China， officially-compiled history books， scholars’ studies， private letters， and literary works. The book took almost 10 years to complete， drawing upon approximately 320 items of research material to tell its story. The author has tried to round up native research on China’s resistance， and put it in an international context. He also refuses to take at face value the biased comments of either Chinese or Japanese nationalists.
    Forgotten Ally is divided into 19 chapters in four parts， analyzing seismic events such as the Marco Polo Bridge Incident in 1937， the Nanjing Massacre from December 1937 to January 1938， the Chongqing Bombardment from February 1938 to August 1943， the disastrous famine in central China’s Henan Province in 1942-43， and the Cairo Conference in 1943. What is new and unprecedented in this book is that the analysis of the war in China centers on the country’s three important political figures during the war period―Mao Zedong of the CPC， Kuomintang leader Chiang Kai-shek and Wang Jingwei， head of the Japanese-installed puppet regime， highlighting their influences on China’s post-war political and social transformations. The author believes that the war between China and Japan was an accident in the inevitable process of China’s modernization.
    I believe the author’s deep analysis of the national character of the Chinese people will strike a chord for domestic readers. Even 70 years on from the war， related sentiments still exert influence over the bilateral relationship between Japan and China. Mitter has a definite standpoint and builds a bridge between latter-day history and modern-day political reality by pointing out the relevance of China’s modernization to the war against Japanese invasion.
    Notably， the book points the way for the future peaceful development of the interdependent international community. In the past few decades， WWII has been seen by many people in Western countries as a bloody war between the Allies， primarily the United States， the Soviet Union and Britain， against Nazi Germany. Unconstrained by a limited Western-centric viewpoint， Mitter instead tries to understand the war through the filter of China’s national conditions， demonstrating in the process a thorough understanding of the complexity and hardship of the war against Japanese invasion. He believes China， which suffered huge sacrifices in WWII， should not be neglected or even forgotten in studies of the conflict. Forgotten Ally maintains that all concerned countries should learn from WWII and try to properly address the current China-Japan and China-U.S. relationships. It is stressed in the book that the antagonistic “zero-sum” mindset was one of the factors that inspired Japanese imperialists to start the war. However， in an era of peace and development， this mindset is obsolete.
    Copyedited by Eric Daly
    
    



…………A Documentary Revives History China and WWII       本文总字数:5519    By Zhang Zhiping
    The recent broadcasting of the four-episode documentary Brightness and Haze―Retrospect on World War II by Germany and Japan on China’s national broadcaster CCTV has sparked much discussion and received extensive coverage at home and abroad. Experts and scholars hold that this documentary makes some persuasive arguments based on its objective analysis of the different attitudes held by Germany and Japan toward their respective roles in World War II （WWII）.
    This year marks the 70th anniversary of the victory of the Chinese People’s War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression and also of the world’s anti-fascist war. With the passing of time， the number of living survivors of the war has dwindled. The documentary’s producers have attempted to recreate for the audience important scenarios of that time by interviewing researchers， personnel in political circles and ordinary people， drawing upon the most up-to-date research findings， materials， discoveries and consensus， and bringing to light some little-known historical facts and files.
    The documentary observes the fact that Germany has been able to face up to its history of invasion and is willing to admit to its war crimes and to continue to reflect on its history. Successive post-war German governments and leaders have apologized for the country’s war atrocities on multiple occasions. Germany has devoted a lot of attention to the education of its people， particularly the young， on the history of WWII. Thanks to the efforts by millions of German people to face their own past， the desire to prevent a repeat of such tragedy has already become a consensus within German mainstream culture.
    To illustrate this fact， the documentary depicts Willy Brandt， then Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany， to the surprise of many kneeling down at the monument to Warsaw Ghetto victims during his visit to Poland in 1970. Brandt knelt down， and Germany stood up. After WWII， Germany paid reparations of $100 billion to the countries it had victimized. It achieved reconciliation with Poland， France and other countries by participating in the compilation and writing of history textbooks for middle schools. In 2005， at the moment of the 60th anniversary of the end of WWII， a Holocaust monument was build up in the downtown of Berlin， an explicit reminder of the Jewish population that was massacred in Europe.
    It is because of this contrite and contemplative attitude that Germany has won forgiveness and respect from its neighbors， creating a good environment for its post-WWII development. Germany is playing a leading role in Europe and internationally in both economic and political terms.
    Japan， which was also on the losing side in WWII， however， has failed to properly handle the historical issue. The documentary goes into detail on the distorted outlook of the Japanese right-wing forces on WWII history. From Emperor Hirohito’s imperial edict on armistice that averted taking accountability for war crimes， to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s provocative statement that the definition of aggression is yet to be established academically and internationally， Japan is going farther and farther down the road of historical revisionism.
    According to Bu Ping， a research fellow with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and the documentary’s historical consultant， in the imperial edict of armistice， Emperor Hirohito did not once make mention of words such as “surrender” or “defeat，” instead merely declaring the war ended. The emperor also said that Japan originally launched the war for the sake of its own survival and the tranquility of East Asia. In accordance with Jiang Feng， a Chinese writer who has lived in Japan for years， since the normalization of diplomatic relations between China and Japan in 1972， Japan has apologized to China 22 times in formal documents and on formal occasions for its wartime crimes， but every time， within a month after an apology was made， some right-wing politicians would deny it. Even more unacceptable is the fact that the Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo enshrines 2.46 million Japanese killed in historical wars， among them 14 class-A criminals in WWII. From 1945 up until now， 15 Japanese prime ministers have paid a total of 68 visits to the shrine.
    Japan has done too little at the governmental level to reflect on its wartime actions and to make amends for them in terms of policies and ideologies. Right-wing extremists have even expressed their tacit contempt of humanitarianism， basic human rights and even life. Some influential figures in Japan have never missed the opportunity to deny and even beautify their country’s history of invasion， instead， choosing to adopt the role of war victim and to highlight the terrible wartime conditions faced by the Japanese people so as to shake off responsibilities for their part in the conflict. Disregarding its neighbors’ legitimate concerns and opposition from its own people， the Japanese Government is promoting a regional arms race and stoking tensions with neighbors. Although WWII is far behind us， the 60 million lives lost to the war testify that when a war breaks out， no one is immune. As the end of the documentary states， “If a nation is not to seriously examine this section of history， it means it is unable to take responsibility for the future of mankind. We pray for peace and pray that all countries and nations can embrace peace after having emerged from the war.”